.\" Copyright (c) Software Verification Research Centre - All Rights Reserved.
.TH qc 1 "1 March 2000" SVRC
.SH NAME
qc \- Qu-Prolog compiler
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B qc 
[
.B \-EGScv
]
[
.BI \-D macro
]
[
qp size options
]
[
ql size options
]
[
.BI \-o output
]
.RI "file .\|.\|."
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\f4qc\f1 is an interface to the Qu-Prolog compilation system.
The system consists of a preprocessor, a term expander,
a compiler, an assembler, and a linker.
\f4qc\f1 processes the supplied options and calls each component with the
appropriate arguments in the sequence given above.
.PP
A common usage of \f4qc\f1 is where the user supplies a Qu-Prolog source
program.
\f4qc\f1 compiles the program and generates an executable.
The executable is stored in two files.
\f4output\f1 (e.g. a.out) contains the basic information about the executable
and \f4output.qx\f1 (e.g. a.out.qx) has the essential data about the program.
To run the executable, the user types in \f4output\f1.
.PP
\f4qc\f1 accepts several types of filename arguments. 
Files with the \f4.ql\f1 suffix are Qu-Prolog source programs.
Suffix \f4.qi\f1 indicates that the file has been preprocessed.
Files ending in \f4.qg\f1 are taken to contain clauses after term expansion.
Files with the \f4.qs\f1 suffix are Qu-Prolog assembly programs.
Object files have the suffix \f4.qo\f1.
The compiler also accepts byte-encoded files produced by the encoded
write of Qu-Prolog. Encoded files must have \f4.qle\f1 or \f4.qge\f1
extensions and are encoded equivalents of \f4.ql\f1 and \f4.qg\f1
files.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
The following options alter the default behaviour.
.TP
.BI \-D macro
Define
.I macro
as 1 (one).
This is the same as if a
.RS
.IP
#define name 1
.RE
.IP
line.
.TP
.B \-E
Stop after running the preprocessor.
The output is placed in the corresponding file suffixed \f4.qi\f1.
.TP
.B \-G
Stop after running the term expander.
The output is placed in the corresponding file suffixed \f4.qge\f1.
.TP
.BI \-R file
Supply the term expansion rules to the term expander.
.TP
.B \-S
Stop after running the compiler.
The output is placed in the corresponding file suffixed \f4.qs\f1.
.TP
.B \-c
Stop after running the assembler.
The default output file is the corresponding file suffixed \f4.qo\f1.
The output file can be modified by
.B \-o.
.TP
.BI \-o output
Name the object file if
.B \-c
is given.
Otherwise, name the executable.
The default name for the executable is \f4a.out\f1.
.TP
.B \-v
Verbose mode.
.PP
The qp options alter the size of different data areas in the compiler.
.PP
The ql options alter the size of different data areas in the executable
being generated.
.SH STATUS
.BR cpp (1)
is used as the preprocessor.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP 10
.B QPPATH
Specify where the Qu-Prolog compilation system are held.
e.g.  /home/qp/qp4.2/bin.
.SH FILES
.PD 0
.TP 20
.B a.out
executable output file
.TP
.IB file .ql
Qu-Prolog source file
.TP
.IB file .qi
preprocessed source file
.TP
.IB file .qg
term-expanded source file
.TP
.IB file .qs
assembly file
.TP
.IB file .qo
object file
.TP
.IB file .qx
executable data file
.TP
.B cpp
preprocessor
.TP
.B qc1
compiler
.TP
.B qa
assembler
.TP
.B ql
linker
.TP
.B qem
emulator
.PD
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR cpp (1),
.BR qa (1),
.BR qecat (1),
.BR qem (1),
.BR ql (1),
.BR qp (1).
.SH BUGS
If -o is specified with -c, then if there is more than one .ql
file, then the object code for all .ql files will be
written to the same output file.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Software Verification Research Centre, The
University of Queensland, Australia 4072.
