.\" Copyright (c) Software Verification Research Centre - All Rights Reserved.
.TH qem 1 "1 October 1996" SVRC
.SH NAME
qem \- Qu-Prolog emulator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B qem
[
.BI \-C size
]
[
.BI \-T size
]
[
.BI \-a size
]
[
.BI \-e size
]
[
.BI \-h size
]
[
.BI \-i size
]
[
.BI \-n size
]
[
.BI \-p size
]
[
.BI \-s size
]
[
.BI \-t size
]
.BI \-Q executable
.B \-\- application_options
.SH DESCRIPTION
\f4qem\f1 is the emulator for Qu-Prolog.
It executes compiled Qu-Prolog programs.
Any option required by the Qu-Prolog program can be sent via
\f4application_options\f1 after \f4\-\-\f1.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-Q executable
Specify the executable data file to be used.
The file expects to have a \f4.qx\f1 suffix.
.PP
The following options alter the size of different data areas.
.TP
.BI \-C size
Set the choice point stack to
.I size
K words.
The default size is 64K words.
.TP
.BI \-B size
Set the binding trail to
.I size
K words.
The default size is 32K words.
.TP
.BI \-O size
Set the other trail to
.I size
K words.
The default size is 32K words.
.TP
.BI \-a size
Set the atom table to
.I size
entries.
The system makes the size of the table the next power of two bigger than twice the supplied size. The default size is 10000. 
.TP
.BI \-e size
Set the environment stack to
.I size
K words.
The default size is 64K words.
.TP
.BI \-h size
Set the heap to
.I size
K cells (words).
The default size is 400K cells (words).
.TP
.BI \-i size
Set the implicit parameter size to
.I size
K bytes.
The system makes the size of the table the next power of two bigger than twice the supplied size. The default size is 10000.
.TP
.BI \-n size
Set the name table to
.I size
entries.
The system makes the size of the table the next power of two bigger than twice the supplied size. The default size is 10000.
.TP
.BI \-p size
Set the predicate table to
.I size
entries
The system makes the size of the table the next power of two bigger than twice the supplied size. The default size is 10000. 
.TP
.BI \-s size
Set the string table to
.I size
K bytes.
The default size is 64K bytes.
.TP
.SH FILES
.PD 0
.TP 20
.IB file .qx
executable data file
.PD
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR cpp (1),
.BR qa (1),
.BR qc (1),
.BR ql (1),
.BR qp (1).
.SH COPYRIGHT
Software Verification Research Centre, Department of Computer Science, The
University of Queensland, Australia 4072.
